DOCS-2601: add applying surcharges section to woocommerce user guide (#1615)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/woocommerce/faq/applying-surcharges.md

---
title : "Applying surcharges"
meta_title: "WooCommerce plugin - Applying surcharges  - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "Sign up. Build and test your payments integration. Explore our products and services. Use our API Reference, SDKs, and wrappers. Get support."
layout: "faqdetail"
read_more: "."
aliases: 
    - /integrations/woocommerce/faq/payment-fee-surcharges/
---

> Applying [surcharges](/security-and-legal/payment-regulations/about-surcharges/) or payment fees is no longer supported in the Woocommerce plugin.

Reviewer: WooCommerce plugin never supported fees based on the payment method selected in the past.

Author: Thanks @Daniel-MultiSafepay! I've made a proposed change in this PR: https://github.com/MultiSafepay/docs/pull/1618 can you review it?

> **Using third party packages**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Using third-party packages**
```

To apply a surcharge or payment fee to a payment method, you can use third-party packages that follow the WooCommerce and Wordpress development guidelines.

**Support**

> The Integration Team will do their best to support you with installing a third-party package, but bear in mind that it is a third-party package. We can't guarantee perfect compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Integration Team will do their best to support you with installing third-party packages, but we can't guarantee perfect compatibility.
```
